Sor10874/readmes/15 19 (#715)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/generate-offline-map-with-local-basemap/README.md

## How to use the sample

1. Tap on "Generate Offline Map".
2. You will be prompted to choose whether you wish to download the online basemap or use the "naperville_imagery.tpk" basemap which is already on the device.
3. If you choose to download the online basemap, the offline map will be generated with the same (topographic) basemap as the online web map.
4. To download the Esri basemap, you may be prompted to sign in to ArcGIS.com.
5. If you choose to use the basemap from the device, the offline map will be generated with the local imagery basemap. The download will be quicker since no tiles are exported or downloaded.
6. Since the application is not exporting online ArcGIS Online basemaps you will not need to log-in.

## How it works

> 1. Create a `PortalItem` object using a web map's ID. 

Reviewer: It looks like the Offline Map Task is made with the map rather than directly from the portal item, so I would make these changes.
```suggestion
1. Create a `PortalItem` object using a web map's ID and create an ArcGISMap from it. 
```

> 2. Initialize an `OfflineMapTask` object using the portal item. 

Reviewer: See above
```suggestion
2. Initialize an `OfflineMapTask` object using the map. 
```

> 3. Request the default parameters for the task with `OfflineMapTask.createDefaultGenerateOfflineMapParameters`.

Reviewer: The method called here has Async at the end
```suggestion
3. Request the default parameters for the task with `OfflineMapTask.createDefaultGenerateOfflineMapParametersAsync()`.
```

## How to use the sample

1. Tap on "Generate Offline Map".

> 2. You will be prompted to choose whether you wish to download the online basemap or use the "naperville_imagery.tpk" basemap which is already on the device.

Reviewer 2: since the user would need to manually add the data to their device if they're running it via Github (the data I think already comes with the app via the App Store?), we could reword this slightly
```suggestion
2. You will be prompted to choose whether you wish to download the online basemap or use the "naperville_imagery.tpk" basemap (see Offline Data section).
```

3. If you choose to download the online basemap, the offline map will be generated with the same (topographic) basemap as the online web map.
4. To download the Esri basemap, you may be prompted to sign in to ArcGIS.com.
5. If you choose to use the basemap from the device, the offline map will be generated with the local imagery basemap. The download will be quicker since no tiles are exported or downloaded.
6. Since the application is not exporting online ArcGIS Online basemaps you will not need to log-in.

## How it works

> The sample creates a `PortalItem` object using a web map's ID. This portal item is used to initialize an `OfflineMapTask` object. When the button is tapped, the sample requests the default parameters for the task, with the selected extent, by calling `OfflineMapTask.createDefaultGenerateOfflineMapParameters`. 

Reviewer 2: Looks like there was an oversight when the design was updated here in common-samples, in that the numbering of the sections have been removed. For "How it works", we should always use a numbered list.

Reviewer 2: This design also breaks standard a little by being more verbose and including use of user interaction amongst API calls. Ideally these would be removed just so as to focus on the steps the API is using. Would you be comfortable having a go at this to make this section a little more standardized like our other How it works sections?

There may be parts of this section which would be useful to maintain in either the "Additional info" section or as code comments within the sample itself.

> The sample creates a `PortalItem` object using a web map's ID. This portal item is used to initialize an `OfflineMapTask` object. When the button is tapped, the sample requests the default parameters for the task, with the selected extent, by calling `OfflineMapTask.createDefaultGenerateOfflineMapParameters`. 

Reviewer 2: e.g.
```suggestion
1. Create a `PortalItem` object using a web map's ID. 
2. Initialize an `OfflineMapTask` object using the portal item. 
3. Request the default parameters for the task with `OfflineMapTask.createDefaultGenerateOfflineMapParameters`. 
```
